### Edwood Brice - Individual Writeup 

As we started work on project 3, my team realized that the data model we created in the previous project needed to be reworked a bit. Subsequently, I helped to redefine our application’s data model to better support user authentication and the creation of data via forms. 
From there, I specifically implemented the name change form that users can access through their profile when they are logged in. This form posts and saves name data to the database. Using this code, I was able to rework it and apply it to our review submission form. This was particularly effective and efficient to do because we initially approached the review functionality with new code that did not fit our needs. This form takes in user input about a product or service in the context of our application. After it is submitted, users can see it added to the set of reviews for the product/service in question.

Furthermore, I collaborated with my peers on the template files (specifically product.html), forms.py, and views.py simultaneously. I focused on debugging and making sure that our forms were rendering correctly. Additionally, I jointly contributed to the team write-up and produced the video for submission. After recording everything, I edited the footage and uploaded the video. Lastly, throughout the duration of the project, I also prioritized getting everyone together to collaborate. Consequently, I frequently stayed after class to help tie up loose ends. I also made sure to reach out to everyone in person and on Slack to get a date that some or all of us could attend to get work done. 
